LINK: link to the repository
installation instructions if needed

Note: These fixes are only tested to work one at a time. Before testing the next fix, revert the previous one back to unfixed.

FLAW 1:
exact source link pinpointing flaw 1...

The first flaw is A03 (SQL) injection. In the server code, the username and password hash are concatenated without parametrization and the text from the user textbox is directly sent to the database. This makes SQL injection possible and the user can login with any selected username, bypassing the password completely.

The fix is included in the code: comment out the block starting "Injection begins!" and ending "injection ends! Corrected code follows:" and uncomment the code after that.

FLAW 2:
exact source link pinpointing flaw 2...

The second flaw is A02 Cryptographic failures. In the original code, passwords are stored unsalted, hashed with a single SHA256 iteration. SHA256 is a very fast algorithm, making it possible to try different passwords fast in succession. If the attacker gets access to the database, the unsalted hashes make it possible to use rainbow attacks and recognize same hashes attached to usernames in different systems. In the fixed version, a salt is used and SHA256 is iterated 200 000 times, making it more expensive time-wise to calculate.
how to fix it...

...

FLAW 3:
exact source link pinpointing flaw 3...
The third flaw is A01 Broken access control. The program has a supposedly secret admin page, only protected by that there is no direct link there. But using the route /admin anyone can access the page. During login, the role of the user is stored in the session. In the fixed version, the session variable role is checked, and non-admin users are directed to a 403 forbidden page. Users are not able to tamper with variables in the session
how to fix it...

FLAW 4:
exact source link pinpointing flaw 5...
Flaw 4 is A07 Identification and authentication failures. Currently, the program does not enforce strong passwords, even allowing to use an empty string for a password. The fix enforces stronger passwords. The check is on the backend side to make sure that the user does not bypass it.
how to fix it...

FLAW 5:
exact source link pinpointing flaw 5...
Flaw 5 is A09 Security Logging and Monitoring Failures. The logins and failed logins are not logged. The fix is commented out and now the logins are logged in an audit table! Yippee!
how to fix it...

Some links that I used:
https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/56238/why-sha-256-or-any-other-is-too-fast-for-passwords-but-slow-for-collisions-t